# ProjectArduino 

Arduino is one of the most versatile pieces of technology in the world. Being able to manipulate almost anything powered by electricity, you can control many things and possibly make your homne into a smart home. Thanks to the new wifi capability coming out with the Arduino Uno, you can connect to a small server to your Arduino which can be connected your smartphone or laptop. This allows you to control your home even if you are not there. By attaching a power tail switch to your home Air Conditioner and Heater, you can control your home temperature to maintain a certain temperature or adjust it as needed. If you were having friends come over but it was a cold day and you are with your friends, you can connect to your wifi arduino to turn up your heater so less time is spent shivering trying conserve heat and more time haaving quality time. Or you were in your room and the temperature started getting hot but you were watching your favorite tv show and did not want to get up to change it. You can, with a tap of your phone, fix that problem immediately. Maybe you went for a long run on a hot day and wanted to be in a cool envrionment, thanks to the arduino wifi, you can run to your home with the full expectation of a chilling sanctuary. You can walk out of your home and if you want to turn off the Air conditioner, you do not need to go back and waste time, just turn it off while you go on your merry way. This is all thanks to the wifi capability of the Arduino. 
